team 1.1  Massachusetts
team 16.1 UCF
team 8.1  Bradley
team 9.1  Stanford
team 5.1  Penn State
team 12.1 Arkansas
team 4.1  Marquette
team 13.1 Monmouth
team 6.1  UNC
team 11.1 New Orleans
team 3.1  Texas Tech
team 14.1 N. Illinois
team 7.1  New Mexico
team 10.1 Kansas State
team 2.1  Georgetown
team 15.1 Miss. Val. St.
team 1.2  Kentucky
team 16.2 San Jose State
team 8.2  Wis. Grn. Bay
team 9.2  Virginia Tech
team 5.2  Iowa State
team 12.2 California
team 4.2  Utah
team 13.2 Canisius
team 6.2  Louisville
team 11.2 Tulsa
team 3.2  Villanova
team 14.2 Portland
team 7.2  Michigan
team 10.2 Texas
team 2.2  Wake Forest
team 15.2 LA-Monroe
team 1.3  Connecticut
team 16.3 Colgate
team 8.3  Duke
team 9.3  E. Michigan
team 5.3  Miss. St.
team 12.3 VCU
team 4.3  UCLA
team 13.3 Princeton
team 6.3  Indiana
team 11.3 Boston College
team 3.3  Georgia Tech
team 14.3 Austin Peay
team 7.3  Temple
team 10.3 Oklahoma
team 2.3  Cincinnati
team 15.3 UNCG
team 1.4  Purdue
team 16.4 W. Carolina
team 8.4  Georgia
team 9.4  Clemson
team 5.4  Memphis
team 12.4 Drexel
team 4.4  Syracuse
team 13.4 Montana State
team 6.4  Iowa
team 11.4 GWU
team 3.4  Arizona
team 14.4 Valparaiso
team 7.4  Maryland
team 10.4 Santa Clara
team 2.4  Kansas
team 15.4 SC State
region 0 East
region 1 Midwest
region 2 Southeast
region 3 West
