team 1.1  UNC
team 16.1 Fairfield
team 8.1  Indiana
team 9.1  Colorado
team 5.1  California
team 12.1 Princeton
team 4.1  Villanova
team 13.1 Long Island
team 6.1  Louisville
team 11.1 Massachusetts
team 3.1  New Mexico
team 14.1 Old Dominion
team 7.1  Wisconsin
team 10.1 Texas
team 2.1  South Carolina
team 15.1 Coppin State
team 1.2  Kansas
team 16.2 Jackson State
team 8.2  Purdue
team 9.2  Rhode Island
team 5.2  Maryland
team 12.2 Charleston
team 4.2  Arizona
team 13.2 South Alabama
team 6.2  Illinois
team 11.2 USC
team 3.2  Georgia
team 14.2 Chattanooga
team 7.2  Marquette
team 10.2 Providence
team 2.2  Duke
team 15.2 Murray State
team 1.3  Minnesota
team 16.3 Texas State
team 8.3  Mississippi
team 9.3  Temple
team 5.3  Tulsa
team 12.3 Boston U.
team 4.3  Clemson
team 13.3 Miami (OH)
team 6.3  Iowa State
team 11.3 Illinois State
team 3.3  Cincinnati
team 14.3 Butler
team 7.3  Xavier
team 10.3 Vanderbilt
team 2.3  UCLA
team 15.3 Charleston Sou.
team 1.4  Kentucky
team 16.4 Montana
team 8.4  Iowa
team 9.4  Virginia
team 5.4  Boston College
team 12.4 Valparaiso
team 4.4  St. Joseph's
team 13.4 Pacific
team 6.4  Stanford
team 11.4 Oklahoma
team 3.4  Wake Forest
team 14.4 Saint Mary's
team 7.4  Charlotte
team 10.4 Georgetown
team 2.4  Utah
team 15.4 Navy
region 0 East
region 1 Southeast
region 2 Midwest
region 3 West
