team 1.1  Purdue
team 1.2  Temple
team 1.3  Arizona
team 1.4  Oklahoma
team 2.1  Pittsburgh
team 2.2  Duke
team 2.3  UNC
team 2.4  Kentucky
team 3.1  NC State
team 3.2  Syracuse
team 3.3  Michigan
team 3.4  Illinois
team 4.1  Kansas State
team 4.2  Indiana
team 4.3  UNLV
team 4.4  Brigham Young
team 5.1  DePaul
team 5.2  Georgia Tech
team 5.3  Iowa
team 5.4  Louisville
team 6.1  Kansas
team 6.2  Missouri
team 6.3  Florida
team 6.4  Villanova
team 7.1  Vanderbilt
team 7.2  S. Methodist
team 7.3  Wyoming
team 7.4  Maryland
team 8.1  Baylor
team 8.2  Georgetown
team 8.3  Seton Hall
team 8.4  Auburn
team 9.1  Memphis
team 9.2  LSU
team 9.3  UTEP
team 9.4  Bradley
team 10.1 Utah State
team 10.2 Notre Dame
team 10.3 Loyola Marymt.
team 10.4 UCSB
team 11.1 Xavier
team 11.2 Rhode Island
team 11.3 St. John's
team 11.4 Arkansas
team 12.1 Wichita State
team 12.2 Iowa State
team 12.3 Florida State
team 12.4 Oregon State
team 13.1 La Salle
team 13.2 Richmond
team 13.3 Missouri State
team 13.4 Charlotte
team 14.1 Murray State
team 14.2 NC A&T
team 14.3 Boise State
team 14.4 UT-San Antonio
team 15.1 E. Michigan
team 15.2 Boston U.
team 15.3 North Texas
team 15.4 Southern
team 16.1 F. Dickinson
team 16.2 Lehigh
team 16.3 Cornell
team 16.4 Chattanooga
region 0 Midwest
region 1 East
region 2 West
region 3 Southeast
