team 1.1  Kentucky
team 16.1 Rider
team 8.1  Utah
team 9.1  Pittsburgh
team 5.1  Wake Forest
team 12.1 Chattanooga
team 4.1  Iowa
team 13.1 LA-Monroe
team 6.1  Kansas State
team 11.1 Tulane
team 3.1  Florida State
team 14.1 Evansville
team 7.1  W. Kentucky
team 10.1 Memphis
team 2.1  Seton Hall
team 15.1 Tennessee State
team 1.2  Michigan
team 16.2 Coastal Car.
team 8.2  Iowa State
team 9.2  UCLA
team 5.2  New Mexico
team 12.2 GWU
team 4.2  Georgia Tech
team 13.2 Southern
team 6.2  Illinois
team 11.2 Long Beach St.
team 3.2  Vanderbilt
team 14.2 Boise State
team 7.2  Temple
team 10.2 Missouri
team 2.2  Arizona
team 15.2 Santa Clara
team 1.3  UNC
team 16.3 East Carolina
team 8.3  Rhode Island
team 9.3  Purdue
team 5.3  St. John's
team 12.3 Texas Tech
team 4.3  Arkansas
team 13.3 Holy Cross
team 6.3  Virginia
team 11.3 Manhattan
team 3.3  Massachusetts
team 14.3 Pennsylvania
team 7.3  New Mexico St.
team 10.3 Nebraska
team 2.3  Cincinnati
team 15.3 Coppin State
team 1.4  Indiana
team 16.4 Wright State
team 8.4  Xavier
team 9.4  New Orleans
team 5.4  Oklahoma State
team 12.4 Marquette
team 4.4  Louisville
team 13.4 Delaware
team 6.4  California
team 11.4 LSU
team 3.4  Duke
team 14.4 S. Illinois
team 7.4  Brigham Young
team 10.4 S. Methodist
team 2.4  Kansas
team 15.4 Ball State
region 0 Southeast
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 Midwest
