team 1.1  Ohio State
team 16.1 UT-San Antonio
team 8.1  George Mason
team 9.1  Villanova
team 5.1  West Virginia
team 12.1 Clemson
team 4.1  Kentucky
team 13.1 Princeton
team 6.1  Xavier
team 11.1 Marquette
team 3.1  Syracuse
team 14.1 Indiana State
team 7.1  Washington
team 10.1 Georgia
team 2.1  UNC
team 15.1 Long Island
team 1.2  Duke
team 16.2 Hampton
team 8.2  Michigan
team 9.2  Tennessee
team 5.2  Arizona
team 12.2 Memphis
team 4.2  Texas
team 13.2 Oakland
team 6.2  Cincinnati
team 11.2 Missouri
team 3.2  Connecticut
team 14.2 Bucknell
team 7.2  Temple
team 10.2 Penn State
team 2.2  San Diego State
team 15.2 N. Colorado
team 1.3  Kansas
team 16.3 Boston U.
team 8.3  UNLV
team 9.3  Illinois
team 5.3  Vanderbilt
team 12.3 Richmond
team 4.3  Louisville
team 13.3 Morehead State
team 6.3  Georgetown
team 11.3 VCU
team 3.3  Purdue
team 14.3 St. Peter's
team 7.3  Texas A&M
team 10.3 Florida State
team 2.3  Notre Dame
team 15.3 Akron
team 1.4  Pittsburgh
team 16.4 UNCA
team 8.4  Butler
team 9.4  Old Dominion
team 5.4  Kansas State
team 12.4 Utah State
team 4.4  Wisconsin
team 13.4 Belmont
team 6.4  St. John's
team 11.4 Gonzaga
team 3.4  Brigham Young
team 14.4 Wofford
team 7.4  UCLA
team 10.4 Michigan State
team 2.4  Florida
team 15.4 UCSB
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Southwest
region 3 Southeast
