team 1.1  Connecticut
team 16.1 Cornell
team 8.1  Texas
team 9.1  Minnesota
team 5.1  Old Dominion
team 12.1 Liberty
team 4.1  Virginia
team 13.1 UCSB
team 6.1  GWU
team 11.1 Auburn
team 3.1  California
team 14.1 San Diego
team 7.1  Iowa State
team 10.1 Georgia Tech
team 2.1  Rutgers
team 15.1 Robert Morris
team 1.2  Maryland
team 16.2 Coppin State
team 8.2  Nebraska
team 9.2  Xavier
team 5.2  West Virginia
team 12.2 New Mexico
team 4.2  Vanderbilt
team 13.2 Montana
team 6.2  Pittsburgh
team 11.2 Wyoming
team 3.2  Baylor
team 14.2 Fresno State
team 7.2  UTEP
team 10.2 W. Kentucky
team 2.2  Stanford
team 15.2 Cleveland State
team 1.3  UNC
team 16.3 Bucknell
team 8.3  Georgia
team 9.3  Iowa
team 5.3  Kansas State
team 12.3 Chattanooga
team 4.3  Louisville
team 13.3 Miami (OH)
team 6.3  Ohio State
team 11.3 Florida State
team 3.3  Oklahoma State
team 14.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 7.3  Marist
team 10.3 DePaul
team 2.3  LSU
team 15.3 Jackson State
team 1.4  Tennessee
team 16.4 Oral Roberts
team 8.4  Utah
team 9.4  Purdue
team 5.4  Notre Dame
team 12.4 S. Methodist
team 4.4  Oklahoma
team 13.4 Illinois State
team 6.4  Arizona State
team 11.4 Temple
team 3.4  Duke
team 14.4 Murray State
team 7.4  Syracuse
team 10.4 Hartford
team 2.4  Texas A&M
team 15.4 UT-San Antonio
region 0 Greensboro
region 1 Spokane
region 2 New Orleans
region 3 Oklahoma City
