team 1.1  Wake Forest
team 16.1 NC A&T
team 8.1  Minnesota
team 9.1  Saint Louis
team 5.1  Alabama
team 12.1 Pennsylvania
team 4.1  Oklahoma State
team 13.1 Drexel
team 6.1  Tulsa
team 11.1 Illinois
team 3.1  Villanova
team 14.1 Old Dominion
team 7.1  Charlotte
team 10.1 Stanford
team 2.1  Massachusetts
team 15.1 St. Peter's
team 1.2  UCLA
team 16.2 Florida Int'l
team 8.2  Missouri
team 9.2  Indiana
team 5.2  Miss. St.
team 12.2 Santa Clara
team 4.2  Utah
team 13.2 Long Beach St.
team 6.2  Oregon
team 11.2 Texas
team 3.2  Maryland
team 14.2 Gonzaga
team 7.2  Cincinnati
team 10.2 Temple
team 2.2  Connecticut
team 15.2 LA-Monroe
team 1.3  Kentucky
team 16.3 Mt. St. Mary's
team 8.3  Brigham Young
team 9.3  Tulane
team 5.3  Arizona State
team 12.3 Ball State
team 4.3  Oklahoma
team 13.3 Manhattan
team 6.3  Georgetown
team 11.3 Xavier
team 3.3  Michigan State
team 14.3 Weber State
team 7.3  Iowa State
team 10.3 Florida
team 2.3  UNC
team 15.3 Murray State
team 1.4  Kansas
team 16.4 Colgate
team 8.4  W. Kentucky
team 9.4  Michigan
team 5.4  Arizona
team 12.4 Miami (OH)
team 4.4  Virginia
team 13.4 Nicholls St.
team 6.4  Memphis
team 11.4 Louisville
team 3.4  Purdue
team 14.4 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 7.4  Syracuse
team 10.4 S. Illinois
team 2.4  Arkansas
team 15.4 Texas Southern
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Southeast
region 3 Midwest
