team 1.1  Kentucky
team 1.2  St. John's
team 1.3  Duke
team 1.4  Kansas
team 2.1  Georgia Tech
team 2.2  Louisville
team 2.3  Syracuse
team 2.4  Michigan
team 3.1  Memphis
team 3.2  UNC
team 3.3  Indiana
team 3.4  Notre Dame
team 4.1  Illinois
team 4.2  UNLV
team 4.3  Oklahoma
team 4.4  Georgetown
team 5.1  Alabama
team 5.2  Maryland
team 5.3  Virginia
team 5.4  Michigan State
team 6.1  Purdue
team 6.2  UAB
team 6.3  St. Joseph's
team 6.4  NC State
team 7.1  Virginia Tech
team 7.2  Bradley
team 7.3  Navy
team 7.4  Iowa State
team 8.1  W. Kentucky
team 8.2  Auburn
team 8.3  Old Dominion
team 8.4  Jacksonville
team 9.1  Nebraska
team 9.2  Arizona
team 9.3  West Virginia
team 9.4  Temple
team 10.1 Villanova
team 10.2 UTEP
team 10.3 Tulsa
team 10.4 Miami (OH)
team 11.1 LSU
team 11.2 Missouri
team 11.3 Richmond
team 11.4 Iowa
team 12.1 Xavier
team 12.2 Pepperdine
team 12.3 DePaul
team 12.4 Washington
team 13.1 Fairfield
team 13.2 LA-Monroe
team 13.3 Northeastern
team 13.4 Texas Tech
team 14.1 Ball State
team 14.2 Utah
team 14.3 Cleveland State
team 14.4 Ark. L. Rock
team 15.1 Marist
team 15.2 Drexel
team 15.3 Brown
team 15.4 Akron
team 16.1 Davidson
team 16.2 Montana State
team 16.3 Miss. Val. St.
team 16.4 NC A&T
region 0 Southeast
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 Midwest
