team 1.1  UNC
team 16.1 Northeastern
team 8.1  Princeton
team 9.1  Villanova
team 5.1  Miss. St.
team 12.1 E. Michigan
team 4.1  UCLA
team 13.1 Penn State
team 6.1  NC State
team 11.1 Southern Miss
team 3.1  Oklahoma
team 14.1 New Mexico
team 7.1  Purdue
team 10.1 Temple
team 2.1  Syracuse
team 15.1 Richmond
team 1.2  Arkansas
team 16.2 Georgia State
team 8.2  Arizona State
team 9.2  Rutgers
team 5.2  Wake Forest
team 12.2 LA Tech
team 4.2  Alabama
team 13.2 Murray State
team 6.2  Pittsburgh
team 11.2 Georgia
team 3.2  Kansas
team 14.2 New Orleans
team 7.2  Florida State
team 10.2 USC
team 2.2  Indiana
team 15.2 Coastal Car.
team 1.3  Ohio State
team 16.3 Towson
team 8.3  Georgia Tech
team 9.3  DePaul
team 5.3  Texas
team 12.3 St. Peter's
team 4.3  St. John's
team 13.3 N. Illinois
team 6.3  LSU
team 11.3 Connecticut
team 3.3  Nebraska
team 14.3 Xavier
team 7.3  Iowa
team 10.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 2.3  Duke
team 15.3 LA-Monroe
team 1.4  UNLV
team 16.4 Montana
team 8.4  Georgetown
team 9.4  Vanderbilt
team 5.4  Michigan State
team 12.4 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 4.4  Utah
team 13.4 South Alabama
team 6.4  New Mexico St.
team 11.4 Creighton
team 3.4  Seton Hall
team 14.4 Pepperdine
team 7.4  Virginia
team 10.4 Brigham Young
team 2.4  Arizona
team 15.4 St. Francis PA
region 0 East
region 1 South
region 2 Midwest
region 3 West
