team 1.1  Louisville
team 16.1 NC A&T
team 8.1  Colorado State
team 9.1  Missouri
team 5.1  Oklahoma State
team 12.1 Oregon
team 4.1  Saint Louis
team 13.1 New Mexico St.
team 6.1  Memphis
team 11.1 Saint Mary's
team 3.1  Michigan State
team 14.1 Valparaiso
team 7.1  Creighton
team 10.1 Cincinnati
team 2.1  Duke
team 15.1 Albany
team 1.2  Gonzaga
team 16.2 Southern
team 8.2  Pittsburgh
team 9.2  Wichita State
team 5.2  Wisconsin
team 12.2 Mississippi
team 4.2  Kansas State
team 13.2 La Salle
team 6.2  Arizona
team 11.2 Belmont
team 3.2  New Mexico
team 14.2 Harvard
team 7.2  Notre Dame
team 10.2 Iowa State
team 2.2  Ohio State
team 15.2 Iona
team 1.3  Kansas
team 16.3 W. Kentucky
team 8.3  UNC
team 9.3  Villanova
team 5.3  VCU
team 12.3 Akron
team 4.3  Michigan
team 13.3 South Dak. St.
team 6.3  UCLA
team 11.3 Minnesota
team 3.3  Florida
team 14.3 Northw. St.
team 7.3  San Diego State
team 10.3 Oklahoma
team 2.3  Georgetown
team 15.3 FGCU
team 1.4  Indiana
team 16.4 James Madison
team 8.4  NC State
team 9.4  Temple
team 5.4  UNLV
team 12.4 California
team 4.4  Syracuse
team 13.4 Montana
team 6.4  Butler
team 11.4 Bucknell
team 3.4  Marquette
team 14.4 Davidson
team 7.4  Illinois
team 10.4 Colorado
team 2.4  Miami (FL)
team 15.4 Pacific
region 0 Midwest
region 1 West
region 2 South
region 3 East
