team 1.1  Kentucky
team 1.2  Arizona
team 1.3  Texas
team 1.4  Oklahoma
team 2.1  Pittsburgh
team 2.2  Kansas
team 2.3  Florida
team 2.4  Wake Forest
team 3.1  Marquette
team 3.2  Duke
team 3.3  Xavier
team 3.4  Syracuse
team 4.1  Dayton
team 4.2  Illinois
team 4.3  Stanford
team 4.4  Louisville
team 5.1  Wisconsin
team 5.2  Notre Dame
team 5.3  Connecticut
team 5.4  Miss. St.
team 6.1  Missouri
team 6.2  Creighton
team 6.3  Maryland
team 6.4  Oklahoma State
team 7.1  Indiana
team 7.2  Memphis
team 7.3  Michigan State
team 7.4  St. Joseph's
team 8.1  Oregon
team 8.2  Cincinnati
team 8.3  LSU
team 8.4  California
team 9.1  Utah
team 9.2  Gonzaga
team 9.3  Purdue
team 9.4  NC State
team 10.1 Alabama
team 10.2 Arizona State
team 10.3 Colorado
team 10.4 Auburn
team 11.1 S. Illinois
team 11.2 Cen. Mich.
team 11.3 UNCW
team 11.4 Pennsylvania
team 12.1 Weber State
team 12.2 Wis. Milw.
team 12.3 Brigham Young
team 12.4 Butler
team 13.1 Tulsa
team 13.2 W. Kentucky
team 13.3 San Diego
team 13.4 Austin Peay
team 14.1 Holy Cross
team 14.2 Colorado State
team 14.3 Troy
team 14.4 Manhattan
team 15.1 Wagner
team 15.2 Utah State
team 15.3 Sam Houston St.
team 15.4 E. Tenn. St.
team 16.1 IUPUI
team 16.2 Vermont
team 16.3 UNCA
team 16.4 SC State
region 0 Midwest
region 1 West
region 2 South
region 3 East
