team 1.1  Duke
team 16.1 Campbell
team 8.1  Texas
team 9.1  Iowa
team 5.1  Missouri
team 12.1 West Virginia
team 4.1  Seton Hall
team 13.1 La Salle
team 6.1  Syracuse
team 11.1 Princeton
team 3.1  Massachusetts
team 14.1 Fordham
team 7.1  Charlotte
team 10.1 Iowa State
team 2.1  Kentucky
team 15.1 Old Dominion
team 1.2  UCLA
team 16.2 Robert Morris
team 8.2  Louisville
team 9.2  Wake Forest
team 5.2  DePaul
team 12.2 New Mexico St.
team 4.2  Oklahoma
team 13.2 LA-Lafayette
team 6.2  Georgetown
team 11.2 South Florida
team 3.2  Florida State
team 14.2 Montana
team 7.2  LSU
team 10.2 Brigham Young
team 2.2  Indiana
team 15.2 E. Illinois
team 1.3  Ohio State
team 16.3 Miss. Val. St.
team 8.3  Nebraska
team 9.3  Connecticut
team 5.3  Alabama
team 12.3 Stanford
team 4.3  UNC
team 13.3 Miami (OH)
team 6.3  Michigan
team 11.3 Temple
team 3.3  Arizona
team 14.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 7.3  St. John's
team 10.3 Tulane
team 2.3  Oklahoma State
team 15.3 GA Southern
team 1.4  Kansas
team 16.4 Howard
team 8.4  Evansville
team 9.4  UTEP
team 5.4  Michigan State
team 12.4 Missouri State
team 4.4  Cincinnati
team 13.4 Delaware
team 6.4  Memphis
team 11.4 Pepperdine
team 3.4  Arkansas
team 14.4 Murray State
team 7.4  Georgia Tech
team 10.4 Houston
team 2.4  USC
team 15.4 LA-Monroe
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Southeast
region 3 Midwest
