team 1.1  UNC
team 16.1 Mt. St. Mary's
team 8.1  Indiana
team 9.1  Arkansas
team 5.1  Notre Dame
team 12.1 George Mason
team 4.1  Washington St.
team 13.1 Winthrop
team 6.1  Oklahoma
team 11.1 St. Joseph's
team 3.1  Louisville
team 14.1 Boise State
team 7.1  Butler
team 10.1 South Alabama
team 2.1  Tennessee
team 15.1 American
team 1.2  Kansas
team 16.2 Portland State
team 8.2  UNLV
team 9.2  Kent State
team 5.2  Clemson
team 12.2 Villanova
team 4.2  Vanderbilt
team 13.2 Siena
team 6.2  USC
team 11.2 Kansas State
team 3.2  Wisconsin
team 14.2 CSU Fullerton
team 7.2  Gonzaga
team 10.2 Davidson
team 2.2  Georgetown
team 15.2 UMBC
team 1.3  Memphis
team 16.3 Texas-Arlington
team 8.3  Miss. St.
team 9.3  Oregon
team 5.3  Michigan State
team 12.3 Temple
team 4.3  Pittsburgh
team 13.3 Oral Roberts
team 6.3  Marquette
team 11.3 Kentucky
team 3.3  Stanford
team 14.3 Cornell
team 7.3  Miami (FL)
team 10.3 Saint Mary's
team 2.3  Texas
team 15.3 Austin Peay
team 1.4  UCLA
team 16.4 Miss. Val. St.
team 8.4  Brigham Young
team 9.4  Texas A&M
team 5.4  Drake
team 12.4 W. Kentucky
team 4.4  Connecticut
team 13.4 San Diego
team 6.4  Purdue
team 11.4 Baylor
team 3.4  Xavier
team 14.4 Georgia
team 7.4  West Virginia
team 10.4 Arizona
team 2.4  Duke
team 15.4 Belmont
region 0 East
region 1 Midwest
region 2 South
region 3 West
