team 1.1  Connecticut
team 16.1 Boston U.
team 8.1  Indiana
team 9.1  California
team 5.1  Clemson
team 12.1 Brigham Young
team 4.1  La Salle
team 13.1 Southern Miss
team 6.1  St. John's
team 11.1 Temple
team 3.1  Duke
team 14.1 Richmond
team 7.1  UCLA
team 10.1 UAB
team 2.1  Kansas
team 15.1 Robert Morris
team 1.2  Oklahoma
team 16.2 Towson
team 8.2  UNC
team 9.2  Missouri State
team 5.2  Illinois
team 12.2 Dayton
team 4.2  Arkansas
team 13.2 Princeton
team 6.2  Xavier
team 11.2 Kansas State
team 3.2  Georgetown
team 14.2 Texas Southern
team 7.2  Georgia
team 10.2 Texas
team 2.2  Purdue
team 15.2 LA-Monroe
team 1.3  Michigan State
team 16.3 Murray State
team 8.3  Houston
team 9.3  UCSB
team 5.3  LSU
team 12.3 Villanova
team 4.3  Georgia Tech
team 13.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 6.3  Minnesota
team 11.3 UTEP
team 3.3  Missouri
team 14.3 Northern Iowa
team 7.3  Virginia
team 10.3 Notre Dame
team 2.3  Syracuse
team 15.3 Coppin State
team 1.4  UNLV
team 16.4 Ark. L. Rock
team 8.4  Ohio State
team 9.4  Providence
team 5.4  Oregon State
team 12.4 Ball State
team 4.4  Louisville
team 13.4 Idaho
team 6.4  New Mexico St.
team 11.4 Loyola Marymt.
team 3.4  Michigan
team 14.4 Illinois State
team 7.4  Alabama
team 10.4 Colorado State
team 2.4  Arizona
team 15.4 South Florida
region 0 East
region 1 Midwest
region 2 Southeast
region 3 West
