team 1.1  UNC
team 16.1 Liberty
team 8.1  Washington St.
team 9.1  Boston College
team 5.1  Indiana
team 12.1 Ohio
team 4.1  Temple
team 13.1 Drexel
team 6.1  Nebraska
team 11.1 Pennsylvania
team 3.1  Florida
team 14.1 James Madison
team 7.1  UAB
team 10.1 GWU
team 2.1  Connecticut
team 15.1 Rider
team 1.2  Purdue
team 16.2 UCF
team 8.2  Providence
team 9.2  Alabama
team 5.2  Wake Forest
team 12.2 Charleston
team 4.2  Kansas
team 13.2 Chattanooga
team 6.2  Marquette
team 11.2 LA-Lafayette
team 3.2  Kentucky
team 14.2 Tennessee State
team 7.2  Michigan State
team 10.2 Seton Hall
team 2.2  Duke
team 15.2 Texas Southern
team 1.3  Arkansas
team 16.3 NC A&T
team 8.3  Illinois
team 9.3  Georgetown
team 5.3  UCLA
team 12.3 Tulsa
team 4.3  Oklahoma State
team 13.3 New Mexico St.
team 6.3  Texas
team 11.3 W. Kentucky
team 3.3  Michigan
team 14.3 Pepperdine
team 7.3  Saint Louis
team 10.3 Maryland
team 2.3  Massachusetts
team 15.3 Texas State
team 1.4  Missouri
team 16.4 Navy
team 8.4  Cincinnati
team 9.4  Wisconsin
team 5.4  California
team 12.4 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 4.4  Syracuse
team 13.4 Hawaii
team 6.4  Minnesota
team 11.4 S. Illinois
team 3.4  Louisville
team 14.4 Boise State
team 7.4  Virginia
team 10.4 New Mexico
team 2.4  Arizona
team 15.4 Loyola (MD)
region 0 East
region 1 Southeast
region 2 Midwest
region 3 West
