team 1.1  Virginia
team 8.1  GWU
team 9.1  Vermont
team 5.1  Clemson
team 12.1 Chattanooga
team 4.1  West Virginia
team 6.1  Connecticut
team 11.1 St. Peter's
team 3.1  Vanderbilt
team 7.1  UNC
team 10.1 Old Dominion
team 2.1  Miami (FL)
team 1.2  Stanford
team 8.2  Houston
team 9.2  UCSB
team 5.2  California
team 12.2 Santa Clara
team 4.2  Texas Tech
team 6.2  Wisconsin
team 11.2 Montana
team 3.2  USC
team 7.2  Creighton
team 10.2 Long Beach St.
team 2.2  S. F. Austin
team 1.3  Tennessee
team 8.3  Rutgers
team 9.3  Southern Miss
team 5.3  Alabama
team 12.3 Tennessee Tech
team 4.3  W. Kentucky
team 6.3  LA Tech
team 11.3 N. Illinois
team 3.3  Purdue
team 7.3  Providence
team 10.3 Toledo
team 2.3  Maryland
team 1.4  Iowa
team 8.4  Missouri State
team 9.4  Kansas
team 5.4  UCLA
team 12.4 Notre Dame
team 4.4  Texas
team 6.4  Arizona State
team 11.4 DePaul
team 3.4  Penn State
team 7.4  Colorado
team 10.4 S. Illinois
team 2.4  Mississippi
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Mideast
region 3 Midwest
