team 1.1  Tennessee
team 8.1  Old Dominion
team 9.1  St. Joseph's
team 5.1  Clemson
team 12.1 Manhattan
team 4.1  Connecticut
team 6.1  Maryland
team 11.1 Appalacian St.
team 3.1  Providence
team 7.1  Penn State
team 10.1 Florida State
team 2.1  Virginia
team 1.2  Stanford
team 8.2  Montana
team 9.2  Hawaii
team 5.2  Mississippi
team 12.2 Utah
team 4.2  UNLV
team 6.2  Long Beach St.
team 11.2 California
team 3.2  S. F. Austin
team 7.2  Arkansas
team 10.2 UCLA
team 2.2  Georgia
team 1.3  Washington
team 8.3  DePaul
team 9.3  W. Kentucky
team 5.3  South Carolina
team 12.3 Bowling Green
team 4.3  Northwestern
team 6.3  Vanderbilt
team 11.3 Rutgers
team 3.3  Iowa
team 7.3  Tennessee Tech
team 10.3 Richmond
team 2.3  Auburn
team 1.4  LA Tech
team 8.4  Southern Miss
team 9.4  LSU
team 5.4  N. Illinois
team 12.4 Texas Tech
team 4.4  Purdue
team 6.4  Ohio State
team 11.4 S. Illinois
team 3.4  Texas
team 7.4  Oklahoma State
team 10.4 Michigan
team 2.4  NC State
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Mideast
region 3 Midwest
