team 1.1  Connecticut
team 16.1 Vermont
team 8.1  Florida
team 9.1  Temple
team 5.1  Virginia
team 12.1 Marist
team 4.1  California
team 13.1 Fresno State
team 6.1  Arizona State
team 11.1 Georgia
team 3.1  Florida State
team 14.1 NC A&T
team 7.1  Notre Dame
team 10.1 Minnesota
team 2.1  Texas A&M
team 15.1 Evansville
team 1.2  Duke
team 16.2 Austin Peay
team 8.2  Mid. Tenn. St.
team 9.2  Michigan State
team 5.2  Tennessee
team 12.2 Ball State
team 4.2  Iowa State
team 13.2 E. Tenn. St.
team 6.2  Texas
team 11.2 Miss. St.
team 3.2  Ohio State
team 14.2 Sacred Heart
team 7.2  DePaul
team 10.2 San Diego State
team 2.2  Stanford
team 15.2 UCSB
team 1.3  Maryland
team 16.3 Dartmouth
team 8.3  Villanova
team 9.3  Utah
team 5.3  Kansas State
team 12.3 Drexel
team 4.3  Vanderbilt
team 13.3 W. Carolina
team 6.3  LSU
team 11.3 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 3.3  Louisville
team 14.3 Liberty
team 7.3  South Dak. St.
team 10.3 TCU
team 2.3  Baylor
team 15.3 UT-San Antonio
team 1.4  Oklahoma
team 16.4 Prairie View
team 8.4  Iowa
team 9.4  Georgia Tech
team 5.4  Xavier
team 12.4 Gonzaga
team 4.4  Pittsburgh
team 13.4 Montana
team 6.4  Purdue
team 11.4 Charlotte
team 3.4  UNC
team 14.4 UCF
team 7.4  Rutgers
team 10.4 VCU
team 2.4  Auburn
team 15.4 Lehigh
region 0 Trenton
region 1 Berkeley
region 2 Raleigh
region 3 Oklahoma City
