team 1.1  San Diego State
team 8.1  Weber State
team 4.1  Kansas State
team 5.1  Illinois State
team 3.1  South Carolina
team 6.1  Davidson
team 2.1  Saint Mary's
team 7.1  Washington St.
team 1.2  Auburn
team 8.2  Tenn. Martin
team 4.2  Tulsa
team 5.2  Northwestern
team 3.2  Baylor
team 6.2  Georgetown
team 2.2  Virginia Tech
team 7.2  Duquesne
team 1.3  Creighton
team 8.3  Bowling Green
team 4.3  Kentucky
team 5.3  UNLV
team 3.3  New Mexico
team 6.3  Nebraska
team 2.3  Notre Dame
team 7.3  UAB
team 1.4  Florida
team 8.4  Jacksonville
team 4.4  Miami (FL)
team 5.4  Providence
team 3.4  Niagara
team 6.4  Rhode Island
team 2.4  Penn State
team 7.4  George Mason
region 0 One
region 1 Two
region 2 Three
region 3 Four
