team 1.1  Ohio State
team 8.1  Vermont
team 9.1  Rutgers
team 5.1  Miami (FL)
team 12.1 St. Peter's
team 4.1  W. Kentucky
team 6.1  Georgetown
team 11.1 N. Illinois
team 3.1  Penn State
team 7.1  Bowling Green
team 10.1 Florida
team 2.1  Virginia
team 1.2  Tennessee
team 8.2  Northwestern
team 9.2  Georgia Tech
team 5.2  Alabama
team 12.2 GA Southern
team 4.2  UNC
team 6.2  Connecticut
team 11.2 Louisville
team 3.2  Auburn
team 7.2  Old Dominion
team 10.2 Tennessee Tech
team 2.2  Iowa
team 1.3  Vanderbilt
team 8.3  Kansas
team 9.3  California
team 5.3  Clemson
team 12.3 Xavier
team 4.3  S. F. Austin
team 6.3  LA Tech
team 11.3 DePaul
team 3.3  Texas
team 7.3  Missouri State
team 10.3 Oklahoma State
team 2.3  Maryland
team 1.4  Stanford
team 8.4  Georgia
team 9.4  San Diego State
team 5.4  UCSB
team 12.4 Brigham Young
team 4.4  Colorado
team 6.4  Nebraska
team 11.4 San Diego
team 3.4  USC
team 7.4  Washington
team 10.4 Montana State
team 2.4  Texas Tech
region 0 East
region 1 Mideast
region 2 Midwest
region 3 West
