team 1.1  W. Michigan
team 8.1  Marquette
team 5.1  TCU
team 4.1  Miami (OH)
team 6.1  Oral Roberts
team 3.1  Maryland
team 7.1  Rice
team 10.1 SE Missouri St.
team 2.1  Davidson
team 15.1 VCU
team 1.2  CSU Fullerton
team 16.2 Oregon State
team 8.2  Denver
team 9.2  San Francisco
team 5.2  Boston U.
team 4.2  Georgetown
team 6.2  Arizona State
team 3.2  UNLV
team 7.2  Miami (FL)
team 2.2  South Carolina
team 1.3  Northeastern
team 8.3  Memphis
team 5.3  Temple
team 4.3  Virginia Tech
team 6.3  Vanderbilt
team 3.3  Indiana
team 7.3  Kent State
team 10.3 W. Kentucky
team 2.3  Houston
team 15.3 Wichita State
team 1.4  Drexel
team 16.4 Buffalo
team 8.4  Hofstra
team 9.4  St. Joseph's
team 5.4  Holy Cross
team 4.4  Notre Dame
team 6.4  Clemson
team 3.4  Texas A&M
team 7.4  DePaul
team 2.4  Missouri
region 0 A
region 1 B
region 2 C
region 3 D
