team 1.1  Georgetown
team 16.1 Princeton
team 8.1  Vanderbilt
team 9.1  Notre Dame
team 5.1  NC State
team 12.1 South Carolina
team 4.1  Iowa
team 13.1 Rutgers
team 6.1  Kansas State
team 11.1 Minnesota
team 3.1  Stanford
team 14.1 Siena
team 7.1  West Virginia
team 10.1 Tennessee
team 2.1  Duke
team 15.1 SC State
team 1.2  Arizona
team 16.2 Robert Morris
team 8.2  Saint Mary's
team 9.2  Clemson
team 5.2  Memphis
team 12.2 DePaul
team 4.2  UNLV
team 13.2 Idaho
team 6.2  Oregon State
team 11.2 Evansville
team 3.2  Seton Hall
team 14.2 Missouri State
team 7.2  UTEP
team 10.2 LSU
team 2.2  Indiana
team 15.2 George Mason
team 1.3  Oklahoma
team 16.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 8.3  La Salle
team 9.3  LA Tech
team 5.3  Virginia
team 12.3 Providence
team 4.3  Florida State
team 13.3 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 6.3  Alabama
team 11.3 South Alabama
team 3.3  Michigan
team 14.3 Xavier
team 7.3  UCLA
team 10.3 Iowa State
team 2.3  UNC
team 15.3 Southern
team 1.4  Illinois
team 16.4 McNeese State
team 8.4  Pittsburgh
team 9.4  Ball State
team 5.4  Arkansas
team 12.4 Loyola Marymt.
team 4.4  Louisville
team 13.4 Ark. L. Rock
team 6.4  Georgia Tech
team 11.4 Texas
team 3.4  Missouri
team 14.4 Creighton
team 7.4  Florida
team 10.4 Colorado State
team 2.4  Syracuse
team 15.4 Bucknell
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 Southeast
region 3 Midwest
