team 8.1  Ohio State
team 9.1  James Madison
team 1.1  UNC
team 4.1  Alabama
team 5.1  St. John's
team 12.1 Pennsylvania
team 6.1  St. Joseph's
team 11.1 Northeastern
team 3.1  Villanova
team 2.1  Memphis
team 7.1  Wake Forest
team 10.1 Old Dominion
team 8.2  Boston College
team 9.2  San Francisco
team 1.2  DePaul
team 4.2  Arkansas
team 5.2  Kansas State
team 12.2 N. Illinois
team 6.2  Houston
team 11.2 Alcorn State
team 3.2  Tulsa
team 2.2  Missouri
team 7.2  Marquette
team 10.2 Evansville
team 8.3  LA-Lafayette
team 9.3  Tennessee
team 1.3  Virginia
team 4.3  UAB
team 5.3  Indiana
team 12.3 Robert Morris
team 6.3  Kentucky
team 11.3 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 3.3  Louisville
team 2.3  Minnesota
team 7.3  NC State
team 10.3 Chattanooga
team 8.4  Wyoming
team 9.4  USC
team 1.4  Georgetown
team 4.4  Fresno State
team 5.4  West Virginia
team 12.4 NC A&T
team 6.4  Iowa
team 11.4 LA-Monroe
team 3.4  Idaho
team 2.4  Oregon State
team 7.4  Pepperdine
team 10.4 Pittsburgh
region 0 East
region 1 Midwest
region 2 Mideast
region 3 West
