team 1.1  Penn State
team 8.1  James Madison
team 9.1  Kentucky
team 5.1  Providence
team 12.1 Fairfield
team 4.1  Clemson
team 6.1  Rutgers
team 11.1 Toledo
team 3.1  Connecticut
team 7.1  Richmond
team 10.1 GWU
team 2.1  NC State
team 1.2  Virginia
team 8.2  S. F. Austin
team 9.2  Mississippi
team 5.2  Oklahoma State
team 12.2 DePaul
team 4.2  Michigan State
team 6.2  Northwestern
team 11.2 Washington St.
team 3.2  Arkansas
team 7.2  Texas
team 10.2 Lamar
team 2.2  LSU
team 1.3  Tennessee
team 8.3  Missouri State
team 9.3  Tennessee Tech
team 5.3  Florida State
team 12.3 Appalacian St.
team 4.3  W. Kentucky
team 6.3  Maryland
team 11.3 Holy Cross
team 3.3  Auburn
team 7.3  South Carolina
team 10.3 Vanderbilt
team 2.3  Purdue
team 1.4  Georgia
team 8.4  UNLV
team 9.4  Texas Tech
team 5.4  USC
team 12.4 Utah
team 4.4  Long Beach St.
team 6.4  Iowa
team 11.4 Montana
team 3.4  Washington
team 7.4  CSU Fullerton
team 10.4 LA Tech
team 2.4  Stanford
region 0 East
region 1 Midwest
region 2 Mideast
region 3 West
