team 1.1  Penn State
team 16.1 Hampton
team 8.1  Virginia Tech
team 9.1  Iowa
team 5.1  Notre Dame
team 12.1 Missouri State
team 4.1  UNC
team 13.1 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 6.1  Colorado
team 11.1 UCSB
team 3.1  Houston
team 14.1 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 7.1  Auburn
team 10.1 NC State
team 2.1  Connecticut
team 15.1 Pennsylvania
team 1.2  Duke
team 16.2 Northw. St.
team 8.2  Old Dominion
team 9.2  Marquette
team 5.2  LA Tech
team 12.2 Montana
team 4.2  Texas Tech
team 13.2 Maine
team 6.2  Ohio State
team 11.2 West Virginia
team 3.2  Boston College
team 14.2 E. Michigan
team 7.2  Minnesota
team 10.2 UCLA
team 2.2  Kansas State
team 15.2 Valparaiso
team 1.3  Tennessee
team 16.3 Colgate
team 8.3  GWU
team 9.3  DePaul
team 5.3  Florida
team 12.3 New Mexico
team 4.3  Baylor
team 13.3 Loyola Marymt.
team 6.3  Stanford
team 11.3 Missouri
team 3.3  Oklahoma
team 14.3 Marist
team 7.3  Rutgers
team 10.3 Chattanooga
team 2.3  Vanderbilt
team 15.3 Lipscomb
team 1.4  Texas
team 16.4 Southern
team 8.4  Michigan State
team 9.4  Arizona
team 5.4  Miami (FL)
team 12.4 Maryland
team 4.4  LSU
team 13.4 Austin Peay
team 6.4  TCU
team 11.4 Temple
team 3.4  Georgia
team 14.4 Liberty
team 7.4  Villanova
team 10.4 Mississippi
team 2.4  Purdue
team 15.4 St. Francis PA
region 0 East
region 1 Mideast
region 2 Midwest
region 3 West
