team 1.1  Duke
team 16.1 Florida A&M
team 8.1  Charleston
team 9.1  Tulsa
team 5.1  Wisconsin
team 12.1 Missouri State
team 4.1  Tennessee
team 13.1 Delaware
team 6.1  Temple
team 11.1 Kent State
team 3.1  Cincinnati
team 14.1 George Mason
team 7.1  Texas
team 10.1 Purdue
team 2.1  Miami (FL)
team 15.1 Lafayette
team 1.2  Michigan State
team 16.2 Mt. St. Mary's
team 8.2  Villanova
team 9.2  Mississippi
team 5.2  Charlotte
team 12.2 Rhode Island
team 4.2  Arizona
team 13.2 Oklahoma
team 6.2  Kansas
team 11.2 Evansville
team 3.2  Kentucky
team 14.2 New Mexico St.
team 7.2  Washington
team 10.2 Miami (OH)
team 2.2  Utah
team 15.2 Arkansas State
team 1.3  Connecticut
team 16.3 UT-San Antonio
team 8.3  Missouri
team 9.3  New Mexico
team 5.3  Iowa
team 12.3 UAB
team 4.3  Arkansas
team 13.3 Siena
team 6.3  Florida
team 11.3 Pennsylvania
team 3.3  UNC
team 14.3 Weber State
team 7.3  Minnesota
team 10.3 Gonzaga
team 2.3  Stanford
team 15.3 Alcorn State
team 1.4  Auburn
team 16.4 Winthrop
team 8.4  Syracuse
team 9.4  Oklahoma State
team 5.4  UCLA
team 12.4 Detroit
team 4.4  Ohio State
team 13.4 Murray State
team 6.4  Indiana
team 11.4 GWU
team 3.4  St. John's
team 14.4 Samford
team 7.4  Louisville
team 10.4 Creighton
team 2.4  Maryland
team 15.4 Valparaiso
region 0 East
region 1 Midwest
region 2 West
region 3 South
