team 1.1  Illinois
team 16.1 Northw. St.
team 8.1  Tennessee
team 9.1  Charlotte
team 5.1  Syracuse
team 12.1 Hawaii
team 4.1  Kansas
team 13.1 CSU Northridge
team 6.1  Notre Dame
team 11.1 Xavier
team 3.1  Mississippi
team 14.1 Iona
team 7.1  Wake Forest
team 10.1 Butler
team 2.1  Arizona
team 15.1 E. Illinois
team 1.2  Michigan State
team 16.2 Alabama State
team 8.2  California
team 9.2  Fresno State
team 5.2  Virginia
team 12.2 Gonzaga
team 4.2  Oklahoma
team 13.2 Indiana State
team 6.2  Texas
team 11.2 Temple
team 3.2  Florida
team 14.2 W. Kentucky
team 7.2  Penn State
team 10.2 Providence
team 2.2  UNC
team 15.2 Princeton
team 1.3  Duke
team 16.3 Monmouth
team 8.3  Georgia
team 9.3  Missouri
team 5.3  Ohio State
team 12.3 Utah State
team 4.3  UCLA
team 13.3 Hofstra
team 6.3  USC
team 11.3 Oklahoma State
team 3.3  Boston College
team 14.3 Southern Utah
team 7.3  Iowa
team 10.3 Creighton
team 2.3  Kentucky
team 15.3 Holy Cross
team 1.4  Stanford
team 16.4 UNCG
team 8.4  Georgia Tech
team 9.4  St. Joseph's
team 5.4  Cincinnati
team 12.4 Brigham Young
team 4.4  Indiana
team 13.4 Kent State
team 6.4  Wisconsin
team 11.4 Georgia State
team 3.4  Maryland
team 14.4 George Mason
team 7.4  Arkansas
team 10.4 Georgetown
team 2.4  Iowa State
team 15.4 Hampton
region 0 Midwest
region 1 South
region 2 East
region 3 West
