team 1.1  Kentucky
team 16.1 Florida A&M
team 8.1  Washington
team 9.1  UAB
team 5.1  Providence
team 12.1 Pacific
team 4.1  Kansas
team 13.1 Ill. Chicago
team 6.1  Boston College
team 11.1 Utah
team 3.1  Georgia Tech
team 14.1 Northern Iowa
team 7.1  Michigan State
team 10.1 Nevada
team 2.1  Gonzaga
team 15.1 Valparaiso
team 1.2  St. Joseph's
team 16.2 Liberty
team 8.2  Texas Tech
team 9.2  Charlotte
team 5.2  Florida
team 12.2 Manhattan
team 4.2  Wake Forest
team 13.2 VCU
team 6.2  Wisconsin
team 11.2 Richmond
team 3.2  Pittsburgh
team 14.2 UCF
team 7.2  Memphis
team 10.2 South Carolina
team 2.2  Oklahoma State
team 15.2 E. Washington
team 1.3  Duke
team 16.3 Alabama State
team 8.3  Seton Hall
team 9.3  Arizona
team 5.3  Illinois
team 12.3 Murray State
team 4.3  Cincinnati
team 13.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 6.3  UNC
team 11.3 Air Force
team 3.3  Texas
team 14.3 Princeton
team 7.3  Xavier
team 10.3 Louisville
team 2.3  Miss. St.
team 15.3 Monmouth
team 1.4  Stanford
team 16.4 UT-San Antonio
team 8.4  Alabama
team 9.4  S. Illinois
team 5.4  Syracuse
team 12.4 Brigham Young
team 4.4  Maryland
team 13.4 UTEP
team 6.4  Vanderbilt
team 11.4 W. Michigan
team 3.4  NC State
team 14.4 LA-Lafayette
team 7.4  DePaul
team 10.4 Dayton
team 2.4  Connecticut
team 15.4 Vermont
region 0 St.Louis
region 1 E.Rutherford
region 2 Atlanta
region 3 Phoenix
