team 1.1  UNLV
team 1.2  Indiana
team 1.3  Georgetown
team 1.4  UNC
team 2.1  Iowa
team 2.2  Temple
team 2.3  Alabama
team 2.4  Syracuse
team 3.1  Pittsburgh
team 3.2  DePaul
team 3.3  Illinois
team 3.4  Purdue
team 4.1  UCLA
team 4.2  Missouri
team 4.3  Clemson
team 4.4  TCU
team 5.1  Virginia
team 5.2  Duke
team 5.3  Kansas
team 5.4  Notre Dame
team 6.1  Oklahoma
team 6.2  St. John's
team 6.3  Providence
team 6.4  Florida
team 7.1  UTEP
team 7.2  Georgia Tech
team 7.3  New Orleans
team 7.4  West Virginia
team 8.1  Georgia
team 8.2  Auburn
team 8.3  Kentucky
team 8.4  Navy
team 9.1  Kansas State
team 9.2  San Diego
team 9.3  Ohio State
team 9.4  Michigan
team 10.1 Arizona
team 10.2 LSU
team 10.3 Brigham Young
team 10.4 W. Kentucky
team 11.1 Tulsa
team 11.2 Wichita State
team 11.3 UAB
team 11.4 NC State
team 12.1 Wyoming
team 12.2 Texas A&M
team 12.3 Houston
team 12.4 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 13.1 Cen. Mich.
team 13.2 Xavier
team 13.3 Missouri State
team 13.4 Marshall
team 14.1 Marist
team 14.2 LA Tech
team 14.3 Austin Peay
team 14.4 Northeastern
team 15.1 Santa Clara
team 15.2 Southern
team 15.3 NC A&T
team 15.4 GA Southern
team 16.1 Idaho State
team 16.2 Fairfield
team 16.3 Bucknell
team 16.4 Pennsylvania
region 0 West
region 1 Midwest
region 2 Southeast
region 3 East
