team 1.1  Tennessee
team 1.2  Duke
team 1.3  Connecticut
team 1.4  LSU
team 2.1  Villanova
team 2.2  Texas Tech
team 2.3  Purdue
team 2.4  Texas
team 3.1  UNC
team 3.2  Miss. St.
team 3.3  Kansas State
team 3.4  Stanford
team 4.1  Penn State
team 4.2  Rutgers
team 4.3  Vanderbilt
team 4.4  Ohio State
team 5.1  South Carolina
team 5.2  Georgia
team 5.3  Boston College
team 5.4  LA Tech
team 6.1  Colorado
team 6.2  New Mexico
team 6.3  Arizona
team 6.4  Minnesota
team 7.1  GWU
team 7.2  UCSB
team 7.3  Virginia Tech
team 7.4  Arkansas
team 8.1  Virginia
team 8.2  Utah
team 8.3  Michigan State
team 8.4  Wis. Grn. Bay
team 9.1  Illinois
team 9.2  DePaul
team 9.3  TCU
team 9.4  Washington
team 10.1 Oklahoma
team 10.2 Xavier
team 10.3 Georgia Tech
team 10.4 Cincinnati
team 11.1 Brigham Young
team 11.2 Miami (FL)
team 11.3 Notre Dame
team 11.4 Tulane
team 12.1 Chattanooga
team 12.2 Charlotte
team 12.3 Old Dominion
team 12.4 Pepperdine
team 13.1 Holy Cross
team 13.2 W. Kentucky
team 13.3 Liberty
team 13.4 Weber State
team 14.1 Austin Peay
team 14.2 Manhattan
team 14.3 Harvard
team 14.4 W. Michigan
team 15.1 St. Francis PA
team 15.2 Missouri State
team 15.3 Valparaiso
team 15.4 Hampton
team 16.1 Alabama State
team 16.2 Georgia State
team 16.3 Boston U.
team 16.4 Texas State
region 0 Mideast
region 1 Midwest
region 2 East
region 3 West
