team 1.1  UNC
team 16.1 UC Riverside
team 8.1  Vanderbilt
team 9.1  Louisville
team 5.1  UCLA
team 12.1 Bowling Green
team 4.1  Purdue
team 13.1 Missouri State
team 6.1  Texas A&M
team 11.1 TCU
team 3.1  Rutgers
team 14.1 Dartmouth
team 7.1  GWU
team 10.1 Old Dominion
team 2.1  Tennessee
team 15.1 Army
team 1.2  Ohio State
team 16.2 Oakland
team 8.2  Boston College
team 9.2  Notre Dame
team 5.2  Utah
team 12.2 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 4.2  Arizona State
team 13.2 S. F. Austin
team 6.2  Florida
team 11.2 New Mexico
team 3.2  Baylor
team 14.2 N. Arizona
team 7.2  St. John's
team 10.2 California
team 2.2  Maryland
team 15.2 Sacred Heart
team 1.3  Duke
team 16.3 Southern
team 8.3  USC
team 9.3  South Florida
team 5.3  Kentucky
team 12.3 Chattanooga
team 4.3  Michigan State
team 13.3 Wis. Milw.
team 6.3  Temple
team 11.3 Hartford
team 3.3  Georgia
team 14.3 Marist
team 7.3  Virginia Tech
team 10.3 Missouri
team 2.3  Connecticut
team 15.3 Coppin State
team 1.4  LSU
team 16.4 Florida Atl.
team 8.4  Minnesota
team 9.4  Washington
team 5.4  NC State
team 12.4 Tulsa
team 4.4  DePaul
team 13.4 Liberty
team 6.4  Florida State
team 11.4 LA Tech
team 3.4  Stanford
team 14.4 SE Missouri St.
team 7.4  Brigham Young
team 10.4 Iowa
team 2.4  Oklahoma
team 15.4 Pepperdine
region 0 Cleveland
region 1 Albuquerque
region 2 Bridgeport 
region 3 San Antonio
