team 1.1  Florida
team 16.1 Jackson State
team 8.1  Arizona
team 9.1  Purdue
team 5.1  Butler
team 12.1 Old Dominion
team 4.1  Maryland
team 13.1 Davidson
team 6.1  Notre Dame
team 11.1 Winthrop
team 3.1  Oregon
team 14.1 Miami (OH)
team 7.1  UNLV
team 10.1 Georgia Tech
team 2.1  Wisconsin
team 15.1 Texas A&M CC
team 1.2  Kansas
team 16.2 Niagara
team 8.2  Kentucky
team 9.2  Villanova
team 5.2  Virginia Tech
team 12.2 Illinois
team 4.2  S. Illinois
team 13.2 Holy Cross
team 6.2  Duke
team 11.2 VCU
team 3.2  Pittsburgh
team 14.2 Wright State
team 7.2  Indiana
team 10.2 Gonzaga
team 2.2  UCLA
team 15.2 Weber State
team 1.3  UNC
team 16.3 E. Kentucky
team 8.3  Marquette
team 9.3  Michigan State
team 5.3  USC
team 12.3 Arkansas
team 4.3  Texas
team 13.3 New Mexico St.
team 6.3  Vanderbilt
team 11.3 GWU
team 3.3  Washington St.
team 14.3 Oral Roberts
team 7.3  Boston College
team 10.3 Texas Tech
team 2.3  Georgetown
team 15.3 Belmont
team 1.4  Ohio State
team 16.4 Cen. Conn. St.
team 8.4  Brigham Young
team 9.4  Xavier
team 5.4  Tennessee
team 12.4 Long Beach St.
team 4.4  Virginia
team 13.4 Albany
team 6.4  Louisville
team 11.4 Stanford
team 3.4  Texas A&M
team 14.4 Pennsylvania
team 7.4  Nevada
team 10.4 Creighton
team 2.4  Memphis
team 15.4 North Texas
region 0 Midwest
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 South
