team 1.1  Illinois
team 16.1 F. Dickinson
team 8.1  Texas
team 9.1  Nevada
team 5.1  Alabama
team 12.1 Wis. Milw.
team 4.1  Boston College
team 13.1 Pennsylvania
team 6.1  LSU
team 11.1 UAB
team 3.1  Arizona
team 14.1 Utah State
team 7.1  S. Illinois
team 10.1 Saint Mary's
team 2.1  Oklahoma State
team 15.1 SE Louisiana
team 1.2  Washington
team 16.2 Montana
team 8.2  Pacific
team 9.2  Pittsburgh
team 5.2  Georgia Tech
team 12.2 GWU
team 4.2  Louisville
team 13.2 LA-Lafayette
team 6.2  Texas Tech
team 11.2 UCLA
team 3.2  Gonzaga
team 14.2 Winthrop
team 7.2  West Virginia
team 10.2 Creighton
team 2.2  Wake Forest
team 15.2 Chattanooga
team 1.3  UNC
team 16.3 Oakland
team 8.3  Minnesota
team 9.3  Iowa State
team 5.3  Villanova
team 12.3 New Mexico
team 4.3  Florida
team 13.3 Ohio
team 6.3  Wisconsin
team 11.3 Northern Iowa
team 3.3  Kansas
team 14.3 Bucknell
team 7.3  Charlotte
team 10.3 NC State
team 2.3  Connecticut
team 15.3 UCF
team 1.4  Duke
team 16.4 Delaware State
team 8.4  Stanford
team 9.4  Miss. St.
team 5.4  Michigan State
team 12.4 Old Dominion
team 4.4  Syracuse
team 13.4 Vermont
team 6.4  Utah
team 11.4 UTEP
team 3.4  Oklahoma
team 14.4 Niagara
team 7.4  Cincinnati
team 10.4 Iowa
team 2.4  Kentucky
team 15.4 E. Kentucky
region 0 Chicago
region 1 Albuquerque
region 2 Syracuse
region 3 Austin
