team 1.1  UNC
team 16.1 Navy
team 8.1  Charlotte
team 9.1  Ill. Chicago
team 5.1  Princeton
team 12.1 UNLV
team 4.1  Michigan State
team 13.1 E. Michigan
team 6.1  Xavier
team 11.1 Washington
team 3.1  South Carolina
team 14.1 Richmond
team 7.1  Indiana
team 10.1 Oklahoma State
team 2.1  Connecticut
team 15.1 F. Dickinson
team 1.2  Arizona
team 16.2 Nicholls St.
team 8.2  Tennessee
team 9.2  Illinois State
team 5.2  Illinois
team 12.2 South Alabama
team 4.2  Maryland
team 13.2 Utah State
team 6.2  Arkansas
team 11.2 Nebraska
team 3.2  Utah
team 14.2 San Francisco
team 7.2  Temple
team 10.2 West Virginia
team 2.2  Cincinnati
team 15.2 N. Arizona
team 1.3  Duke
team 16.3 Radford
team 8.3  Oklahoma State
team 9.3  GWU
team 5.3  Syracuse
team 12.3 Iona
team 4.3  New Mexico
team 13.3 Butler
team 6.3  UCLA
team 11.3 Miami (FL)
team 3.3  Michigan
team 14.3 Davidson
team 7.3  Massachusetts
team 10.3 Saint Louis
team 2.3  Kentucky
team 15.3 SC State
team 1.4  Kansas
team 16.4 Prairie View
team 8.4  Rhode Island
team 9.4  Murray State
team 5.4  TCU
team 12.4 Florida State
team 4.4  Mississippi
team 13.4 Valparaiso
team 6.4  Clemson
team 11.4 W. Michigan
team 3.4  Stanford
team 14.4 Charleston
team 7.4  St. John's
team 10.4 Detroit
team 2.4  Purdue
team 15.4 Delaware
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 South
region 3 Midwest
