team 1.1  Duke
team 16.1 Winthrop
team 8.1  Notre Dame
team 9.1  Charlotte
team 5.1  Indiana
team 12.1 Utah
team 4.1  USC
team 13.1 UNCW
team 6.1  California
team 11.1 Pennsylvania
team 3.1  Pittsburgh
team 14.1 Cen. Conn. St.
team 7.1  Oklahoma State
team 10.1 Kent State
team 2.1  Alabama
team 15.1 Florida Atl.
team 1.2  Cincinnati
team 16.2 Boston U.
team 8.2  UCLA
team 9.2  Mississippi
team 5.2  Miami (FL)
team 12.2 Missouri
team 4.2  Ohio State
team 13.2 Davidson
team 6.2  Gonzaga
team 11.2 Wyoming
team 3.2  Arizona
team 14.2 UCSB
team 7.2  Xavier
team 10.2 Hawaii
team 2.2  Oklahoma
team 15.2 Ill. Chicago
team 1.3  Maryland
team 16.3 Siena
team 8.3  Wisconsin
team 9.3  St. John's
team 5.3  Marquette
team 12.3 Tulsa
team 4.3  Kentucky
team 13.3 Valparaiso
team 6.3  Texas Tech
team 11.3 S. Illinois
team 3.3  Georgia
team 14.3 Murray State
team 7.3  NC State
team 10.3 Michigan State
team 2.3  Connecticut
team 15.3 Hampton
team 1.4  Kansas
team 16.4 Holy Cross
team 8.4  Stanford
team 9.4  W. Kentucky
team 5.4  Florida
team 12.4 Creighton
team 4.4  Illinois
team 13.4 San Diego State
team 6.4  Texas
team 11.4 Boston College
team 3.4  Miss. St.
team 14.4 McNeese State
team 7.4  Wake Forest
team 10.4 Pepperdine
team 2.4  Oregon
team 15.4 Montana
region 0 South
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 Midwest
