team 1.1  LSU
team 16.1 Stetson
team 8.1  Oklahoma
team 9.1  Arizona
team 5.1  DePaul
team 12.1 Virginia Tech
team 4.1  Penn State
team 13.1 Liberty
team 6.1  Georgia
team 11.1 Rice
team 3.1  Texas
team 14.1 Oral Roberts
team 7.1  Boston College
team 10.1 Houston
team 2.1  Duke
team 15.1 Canisius
team 1.2  UNC
team 16.2 Coppin State
team 8.2  Mississippi
team 9.2  GWU
team 5.2  Arizona State
team 12.2 E. Kentucky
team 4.2  Notre Dame
team 13.2 UCSB
team 6.2  Virginia
team 11.2 Old Dominion
team 3.2  Minnesota
team 14.2 St. Francis PA
team 7.2  TCU
team 10.2 Oregon
team 2.2  Baylor
team 15.2 Illinois State
team 1.3  Tennessee
team 16.3 W. Carolina
team 8.3  New Mexico
team 9.3  Purdue
team 5.3  NC State
team 12.3 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 4.3  Texas Tech
team 13.3 Texas-Arlington
team 6.3  Temple
team 11.3 LA Tech
team 3.3  Rutgers
team 14.3 Hartford
team 7.3  Maryland
team 10.3 Wis. Grn. Bay
team 2.3  Ohio State
team 15.3 Holy Cross
team 1.4  Michigan State
team 16.4 Alcorn State
team 8.4  USC
team 9.4  Louisville
team 5.4  Vanderbilt
team 12.4 Montana
team 4.4  Kansas State
team 13.4 Bowling Green
team 6.4  Florida State
team 11.4 Richmond
team 3.4  Connecticut
team 14.4 Dartmouth
team 7.4  Iowa State
team 10.4 Utah
team 2.4  Stanford
team 15.4 Santa Clara
region 0 Chattanooga
region 1 Tempe
region 2 Philadelphia 
region 3 Kansas City
