team 1.1  Louisville
team 16.1 Morehead State
team 8.1  Ohio State
team 9.1  Siena
team 5.1  Utah
team 12.1 Arizona
team 4.1  Wake Forest
team 13.1 Cleveland State
team 6.1  West Virginia
team 11.1 Dayton
team 3.1  Kansas
team 14.1 North Dak. St.
team 7.1  Boston College
team 10.1 USC
team 2.1  Michigan State
team 15.1 Robert Morris
team 1.2  Connecticut
team 16.2 Chattanooga
team 8.2  Brigham Young
team 9.2  Texas A&M
team 5.2  Purdue
team 12.2 Northern Iowa
team 4.2  Washington
team 13.2 Miss. St.
team 6.2  Marquette
team 11.2 Utah State
team 3.2  Missouri
team 14.2 Cornell
team 7.2  California
team 10.2 Maryland
team 2.2  Memphis
team 15.2 CSU Northridge
team 1.3  Pittsburgh
team 16.3 E. Tenn. St.
team 8.3  Oklahoma State
team 9.3  Tennessee
team 5.3  Florida State
team 12.3 Wisconsin
team 4.3  Xavier
team 13.3 Portland State
team 6.3  UCLA
team 11.3 VCU
team 3.3  Villanova
team 14.3 American
team 7.3  Texas
team 10.3 Minnesota
team 2.3  Duke
team 15.3 Binghamton
team 1.4  UNC
team 16.4 Radford
team 8.4  LSU
team 9.4  Butler
team 5.4  Illinois
team 12.4 W. Kentucky
team 4.4  Gonzaga
team 13.4 Akron
team 6.4  Arizona State
team 11.4 Temple
team 3.4  Syracuse
team 14.4 S. F. Austin
team 7.4  Clemson
team 10.4 Michigan
team 2.4  Oklahoma
team 15.4 Morgan State
region 0 Midwest
region 1 West
region 2 East
region 3 South
