team 1.1  Georgetown
team 1.2  St. John's
team 1.3  Michigan
team 1.4  Oklahoma
team 2.1  Georgia Tech
team 2.2  VCU
team 2.3  UNC
team 2.4  Memphis
team 3.1  Illinois
team 3.2  NC State
team 3.3  Kansas
team 3.4  Duke
team 4.1  Loyola (IL)
team 4.2  UNLV
team 4.3  LSU
team 4.4  Ohio State
team 5.1  S. Methodist
team 5.2  Washington
team 5.3  Maryland
team 5.4  LA Tech
team 6.1  Georgia
team 6.2  Tulsa
team 6.3  Purdue
team 6.4  Texas Tech
team 7.1  Syracuse
team 7.2  Alabama
team 7.3  Notre Dame
team 7.4  UAB
team 8.1  Temple
team 8.2  Iowa
team 8.3  Villanova
team 8.4  USC
team 9.1  Virginia Tech
team 9.2  Arkansas
team 9.3  Dayton
team 9.4  Illinois State
team 10.1 DePaul
team 10.2 Arizona
team 10.3 Oregon State
team 10.4 Michigan State
team 11.1 Wichita State
team 11.2 UTEP
team 11.3 Auburn
team 11.4 Boston College
team 12.1 Old Dominion
team 12.2 Kentucky
team 12.3 Miami (OH)
team 12.4 Pittsburgh
team 13.1 Iona
team 13.2 San Diego State
team 13.3 Navy
team 13.4 Iowa State
team 14.1 Northeastern
team 14.2 Nevada
team 14.3 Ohio
team 14.4 Pepperdine
team 15.1 Mercer
team 15.2 Marshall
team 15.3 Mid. Tenn. St.
team 15.4 Pennsylvania
team 16.1 Lehigh
team 16.2 Southern
team 16.3 F. Dickinson
team 16.4 NC A&T
region 0 East
region 1 West
region 2 South
region 3 Midwest
